Update ML page with anomaly detection jobs from Elastic integrations (#3648)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/machine-learning/machine-learning.asciidoc

* Your shipped data is ECS-compliant, and {kib} is configured with the shipped
data's index patterns in *{kib}* -> *{stack-manage-app}* -> *Data Views*.

Or

> * You install one or more of the Advanced Analytics Integrations. (See following section)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You install one or more of the Advanced Analytics Integrations (see following section).
```

> * You install one or more of the Advanced Analytics Integrations (see following section).

Reviewer 2: Hi @susan-shu-c does `Advanced Analytics` need to be capitalized here? Also, swapping `see` for `refer to` to be ADA-compliant. 
```suggestion
* You install one or more of the advanced analytics integrations (refer to the following section).
```

Author: That's a great point, thank you! re: `refer to` ❤️ 

We've been capitalizing Advanced Analytics, any thoughts @ajosh0504 ?

Author: Hi @jmikell821 we're going to keep this capitalized to be consistent with the terminology, so hope that works!

Reviewer 3: Yeah let's keep it as `Advanced Analytics integrations` (integrations lowercase).

Author: Done, thank you!

> * You install one or more of the Advanced Analytics integrations (see following section).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You install one or more of the Advanced Analytics integrations (refer to the following section).
```

analyze incoming data. When jobs are stopped and restarted within the two-week
time frame, previously analyzed data is not processed again.

> [float]

Reviewer 3: How about introducing ML integrations as another `Or` after line 67 since these are also considered prebuilt jobs? So saying something like:

```
Or

* You install one or more of the Advanced Analytics integrations.......
```

Author: Added a brief line!

[[ml-integrations]]
=== Jobs in advanced analytics (UEBA) Elastic integrations

> {ml} jobs can also be installed via https://docs.elastic.co/integrations[Elastic integrations]. We currently have the following Advanced Analytics integrations for Security:

Reviewer 4: Change `machine learning` to uppercase.

Author: I'll check about this, they have an existing definition used throughout the ML docs (the `{ml}` includes tag) which is lowercase, so I currently use that one for consistency with other pages 
But good to double check!

Author: Oh, wait, it was lowercase despite being the first word in the sentence, I'll fix this 😁 Thank you!

* https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/ded[Data Exfiltration Detection]
* https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/dga[Domain Generation Algorithm Detection]
* https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/lmd[Lateral Movement Detection]
* https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/problemchild[Living off the Land Attack Detection]

> Read more about the {ml} jobs enabled by these Integrations in the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/prebuilt-ml-jobs.html[Prebuilt jobs page].

Reviewer 4: Will we change this link to [this](https://stack-docs_2496.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/security/master/prebuilt-ml-jobs.html#security-integrations-jobs) after the PR is merged?

Author: Good call, I can link to the sub-section

analyze incoming data. When jobs are stopped and restarted within the two-week
time frame, previously analyzed data is not processed again.

[float]
[[ml-integrations]]

> === Jobs in advanced analytics (UEBA) Elastic integrations

Reviewer 2: Are we capitalizing `Advanced Analytics`? 
```suggestion
=== Jobs in advanced analytics (UEBA) Elastic integrations
```

Author: Done, thank you!

> You can also install {ml-cap} jobs using https://docs.elastic.co/integrations[Elastic integrations]. Here are the Advanced Analytics integrations available for Security:

Reviewer 2: So sorry - I gave the wrong attribute at first. It's `{ml}` here for lowercase. 
```suggestion
You can also install {ml} jobs using https://docs.elastic.co/integrations[Elastic integrations]. Here are the Advanced Analytics integrations available for Security:
```

> Machine learning jobs can also be installed via https://docs.elastic.co/integrations[Elastic integrations]. We currently have the following Advanced Analytics integrations for Security:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also install {ml-cap} jobs using https://docs.elastic.co/integrations[Elastic integrations]. Here are the Advanced Analytics integrations available for Security:
```
